Updating wording for contacting support (#1045)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/integrations/commerce/recurly/commerce-recurly-use.md

Instead, when an SMB customer (a company) has [linked their Recurly account](/integrations/commerce/recurly/commerce-recurly-setup#smb-customer-authenticate-and-connect-your-commerce-data), you can access their subscriptions and billing data through the `proxy` endpoint in the Codat API. Only GET requests are currently supported.

> By default, Codat disables users from making `proxy` requests. To enable proxy for Recurly, contact your account manager or raise a ticket with our support team through [this form](https://codat.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/requests/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Codat disables users from making `proxy` requests. To enable proxy for Recurly, contact your account manager or raise a ticket with our support team through the [support request form](https://codat.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/requests/new).
```
